DOC: clarify the milestoning and backport policy wording (#25652)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/coding_guide.rst

Milestones
----------

> Set the milestone according to these rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the milestone according to these guidelines:
```

* *New features and API changes* are milestoned for the next minor release
  ``v3.N.0``.

* *Bugfixes, tests for released code, and docstring changes* may be milestoned
  for the next patch release ``v3.N.M``.

* *Documentation changes* (all .rst files and examples) may be milestoned
  ``v3.N-doc``.

If multiple rules apply, choose the first matching from the above list.  See
:ref:`backport-strategy` for detailed guidance on what should or should not be
backported.

Setting a milestone does not imply or guarantee that a PR will be merged for that

> release, but if it were to be merged what release it would be in.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:

> The milestone marks the release a PR should go into. It is an intent but can be changed because of re-evaluation of the PR scope and maturity or release planning.

Milestones
----------

Set the milestone according to these guidelines:

* *New features and API changes* are milestoned for the next minor release
  ``v3.N.0``.

* *Bugfixes, tests for released code, and docstring changes* may be milestoned
  for the next patch release ``v3.N.M``.

> * *Documentation changes* (all .rst files and examples) may be milestoned

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* *Documentation changes* (only .rst files and examples) may be milestoned
```

targeting other branches is only rarely necessary for special maintenance
work.

.. _backport-strategy:

Backport strategy
-----------------

Backports to the patch release branch (*v3.N.x*) are the changes that will be
included in the next patch (aka bug-fix) release.  The goal of the patch

> releases is to fix bugs introduced in the associated minor release without

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
releases is to fix bugs without
```

The goal is to fix bugs (not limited) to when they were introduced.

The decision on whether an older bug goes into a patch release is the result of the trade off between “fix” and “without adding any new regressions or behavior changes”.

adding any new regressions or behavior changes.  We will always attempt to
backport:

- critical bug fixes (segfault, failure to import, things that the
  user can not work around)
- fixes for regressions against the last two minor releases.

Other changes, such as regressions against older releases or api
inconsistencies the user can work around in their code, are on a case-by-case
basis, should be low-risk, and need someone to advocate for and shepherd

> through the backport.

Reviewer 4: This bit about advocating for a backport is not something I’ve observed in the admittedly short time I’ve been here.  I think we more often state why we’re _not_ backporting something.

targeting other branches is only rarely necessary for special maintenance
work.

.. _backport-strategy:

Backport strategy
-----------------

Backports to the patch release branch (*v3.N.x*) are the changes that will be
included in the next patch (aka bug-fix) release.  The goal of the patch
releases is to fix bugs without adding any new regressions or behavior changes.
We will always attempt to backport:

> - critical bug fixes (segfault, failure to import, things that the
>   user can not work around)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- critical bug fixes (segfault, failure to import, things that the
  user cannot work around)
```

- fixes for regressions introduced in last two minor releases

> and may attempt to backport regressions introduced in older releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and may attempt to backport fixes for regressions introduced in older releases.
```
